prince year.
We're going to discuss a bold sub process model.
So this is a process model is a default model with your python,
and you're going to use this A process model?
Just we exclude your operating system commands.
You can exclude any off your command.
I mean,
from your operating system on before coming to your so processes.
Actually,
if you remember,
we already discussion one of the model called Wears to.
Somewhere on in this we have a one off the operation or function called ways door system.
Just to execute You were comments off your operating system,
right?
Yes.
Fine.
You're able to get some output for you.
You are common.
Know what I'm doing is I want to store this output.
India variable.
See?
You know suppose if X equals to fight right?
Why you coast to express to I'm doing?
Then we will lose seven.
I mean,
it may be any operation that is only considering the some variable the same way.
What I'm doing is this expression output I want to store in tow.
Variable called out.
Suppose only for younger.
See your python.
Kunar able to store you were boys not system command output India variable called.
Oh,
it is not storing,
actually.
Right,
then Want it stored in your out?
See,
that is there.
They're getting deal.
No,
let me run One more invalid comer on.
Let me know.
See,
What is the value one?
I simply ways dot system will directly run your common on the only the exit straight of
soft you are common.
I mean,
whether your command was successfully Iran or not,
that status will store and be available.
But number if you are saying this output in the available So if this out variable believe
digital means whatever the command you are running,
that was success.
If this out variable value is non zero than your command was failing to see that previously
you got OTA's Jiro on.
If you have a here,
you got some Oh,
poor.
That means you're coming with success are from your own variable.
You can say that command was success.
No,
same thing I'm running in a different common.
See,
that different comer on this status was frail.
Actually,
you can see this information also here but by from your variable also,
you can take it if your value is non zero.
You can say that your comment was failed.
Night.
Fine.
So finally,
using your ways door system,
some common you could not store,
you're not able to store your on putting the A variable.
That's why we are going to enter into so process model.
Of course,
you are also having one off the operation from your waist module two story or put in the
available But that is not a good practice.
So in the latest washings off your bite on some processes the popular one to excuse your
commands and to store the output in the variable right?
So before going to execute,
let me do some setbacks for their.
So there's if you want to use.
You were so process faster for unity import that you don't need to worry about whether it
is there are not bite afford it is there with your python It maybe bite on three out.
Fight on two,
right?
Fine.
Let me do some standards,
Index guys,
if you follow this impacts,
it is very easy to understand and to exclude your commands using yourself.
Process model off your pitre,
but is SP You can take any variable.
I'm taking its peak.
Right?
First of the listen,
Tex.
So process not the weapon.
Common Shelly caused Uproar falls.
We'll take anyone over there,
right?
Fine.
Then see,
sometimes you may get your output right.
So that output I want to store into SP variable.
So for that you have to mention pipeline symbol as your Lennox coming then STD Editor,
Let me write STD error.
Also I want to store into we were SP variable only that's why mentioning good for both.
I'm writing simply so process that fight the meaning for the days.
What our the output you're getting that are.
But we're going to store into this variable,
right?
Yeah.
Find No.
These are simply common to exclude You are,
ah operating system command with help off your python.
So this after running your command trousseau process,
it may take some time to exclude your command.
That's why immediately want you have to do is you have to wait some time so sp dot right?
So that we are fighting will take care How much time you want to wait to complete your
common right on This is common is also going to give you some Britain Corp.
What is that?
Record means just simply status.
Whether you're coming with success or not.
If you don't want to capture the origin,
Cordy,
no problem.
Simply cannot respect out.
Wait,
But if you want to capture yes,
you can capture by assigning.
That s p dot Wait.
Output in the available called RC.
You can take any variable I'm taking here.
Or see right?
Fine.
No.
Nice to be clear.
See here.
Dizzy just to exclude your command.
So we are passing or commando.
This is a process that you open or process will open on to exclude your comer.
And after giving these it medics sometimes upto that in a debate.
But you don't worry how much time you want to wait.
Brighton will take care by simply running this line.
Sp not wait.
So this is not right.
Also will give some Britain core based on whether your command was successful failed which
was running in your previous line.
If you are reading gory Jiro means your commander success here.
If the value is non zero,
your command was fail here.
Right Fine.
Now see whether you're going to get estudio out RST vieira because sometimes If your
command was perfect,
then you will get some output.
If your command was frail,
you'll get some better.
So both are storing into this SP variable.
Only now I need to separate them.
So for that you can take any variable like out on error or simply out on other.
These are variables you can take anything s p dot Communicated the syntax just to separate
your output.
Another.
This output is a like a couple.
So you know,
already we have seen somewhere,
right?
If that will consist off two values,
you concurrently assigned those two values to to wearables.
So this output is going Tokyo.
I mean,
SPDR Communique is going to you are put first comma error and that as a couple.
So I'm ascending that output into two variables right on.
You can finally.
If you want to see your poor Deegan,
print your out and you can also print.
You are and a like So this is the standard syntax.
First of all to work with.
Let me right output ease.
I'm using your strings on sandy batteries.
Right.
So first of all the syntax to use yourself process.
But here you need to remember some points.
What are the points?
Means guys here our then Shelly Coastal.
True or false?
Right?
See,
suppose if you take Shelly cause through our if your command is a directly the command as
you are in a collect system sort of Windows command.
I mean,
suppose if you take the air comment,
I'm giving as a string.
I'll let me take one more comer.
Suppose from UNIX like systems ls iPhone LRT.
These are commonly see I want to take command as a string.
Yes,
you can take it.
If you take command as a string,
then you had to mention shell equals to prove Shelly Coaster.
Prue means you're going to run your commands as a tease without any modification.
And when nobody particular command as a these right,
your pipeline is going toe weapon,
new shell,
new shell off your operating system and in that it is going to exclude your comments.
Right.
But in case if it actually cost to false,
if you take Shelly cause toe falls,
then your command would be like a list you are.
So suppose if your command is ls siphon LRT,
then just simply run unless I've been allotted dot Split cooperation with the before its
operative.
I mean,
you're right.
Commanders A in this week.
Not as a list yard ready of Shelly coastal falls,
but remaining steps are same.
The only thing if you're commanding the string yard racially coastal route if your command
is a list,
you're ready or Schellas False.
So what is the difference?
What is that?
One day when you are a picture Alekos true.
And when you are textually cause to false,
we'll see step by step.
First of all,
I'm going to a weapon.
My UNIX books.
Same thing you condone on your nose as well,
right?
So suppose if I don't let siphon alerted This is the output you're getting right.
So I'm going to write a bite on Skip.
Let me right.
Execute commands not be white.
So simply,
I'm going to be imports a process.
Okay?
Subversion that I want to run a commander col unless iPhone LRT I find then immediately
hard.
Today,
some process equals to this index just to copy and Mr All right.
Only thing is you need to concentrate on the war.
Shelly Coastal.
True or false?
As off.
No,
you have to write.
Your shell is a two because you are mentioning your common like a string you get first.
Observe this then after this right,
You have to wait some time off course unless I find a lot is going to give it or put
immediately.
But sometimes suppose if you're using such commands in your so process,
it may take some time to Canada.
The remotes are born to get response Stop!
Totally auto weight that way rt return cold rrc What?
Maybe you can take anything.
Espen not wait,
right?
No,
After that offer that synthetically I can get my out put on letter in this way,
right sp dot Communicate No,
let me print return court All I want to print I suppose the written core his RC What we are
taking your RC That's it Then let me print The output is let me print Opas I want to bring
your put in next line because you're going to get multiple lines,
right?
That for what I'm doing is I'm giving slash and here so that Europe will bring in the next
lane love the same way in which you how you are about put spring the same way I want to
print the other.
So here also,
I want to print my error in the next line.
Sorry,
this is the other night.
That's a nice,
simple way to run your comments.
Using your spite on.
Let me save it and run it.
So I'm going to run this using fight on three.
See,
written Cory Jiro.
That means you can assume that by seeing this your command was success then the output.
You're getting something,
something right?
But if you observed there is a bee's there,
that means he's there.
Bite court,
not your normal string.
Of course you're able to see your data but your python is treating this as a bite object by
court.
Now,
if you want to get your put out their string right,
you need to lose some extra modification.
I will show you that I don't see that the era there is no error.
Air is empty right There is also by court but their results in theories The reason is your
commander you such a snow then ladies Noida,
let me learn same scape with invalid common Let let's say commander,
suppose something like this and I'm running and see the results written core 1 to 7.
Non geo means your command was failed.
And that's why you're not getting in output.
But now you have a some error that batteries this command,
not phone.
That's it.
Right?
Fine.
Now,
actually,
you're getting your open as a bite my court.
Just to avoid that,
if you want to get your put as a string,
what you're to write these universal new lines equals to prove your how dimension.
Let me copy this index so that I will are this Let me write the valid common first.
No,
maybe about it.
Come on or in.
Welcome.
And you will get a Their output are error as a bite.
Now you're going to get your foot in terms off a string.
So if you give your horrible as a string,
then there is that wanted to see that.
Now,
this is a string you can check,
even type off your output.
But these multiple lines,
right?
Not this multiple lines.
I want to come.
But as a list,
right?
See,
what I'm doing is yeah,
one more thing like me,
right?
That so you know what is the purpose off you.
Sorry.
Not this right One second.
Not okay.
Okay,
fine.
No see,
guys,
what I'm doing is I want to print your port by splitting based on new line.
No.
See the result These very,
very useful days.
Why it is useful if you will see speak lines with the slash in same way.
I want toe split.
Your erasable split lines slash in.
This would help you while working with your real time scenarios.
I'll see the result.
What you're getting.
Woman invalid backslash or split lengths?
Yeah.
Study split lenses.
Beautiful.
Going to spit based on slash and no need to provide any.
It's my mistake.
Right?
Fine.
Split lanes.
I want to split my lines that we see the result.
You're getting your own food as a list.
Now I know what If you get your own food as a list,
you have become what he wrote.
Whereas the list whenever if it is required,
other way simply,
you can print your output simply by print output,
but sometimes you need to work on each and every line.
So at that time,
what we lose first will convert or putting the list.
You know,
If you have a list off values,
you can take one by one.
Right?
You can take one by one.
Weaken.
Grab your information from that.
So just assume there like no ways.
So that's what I did,
right?
Split lines is going to split your output window A list.
It's very,
very important.
Fine.
So this is the procedure to run.
You were commands using Shelley closed toe ruin yourself process.
And you have to understand one more thing here when our if you're actually cause a true
internal,
your python is going toe weapon.
You were UNIX like systems shell on.
There it is.
Running your commands.
Right?
See,
Let me come into his gold first.
Know what I'm doing is I'm going to run.
I'm going to run your command as instead of string.
I'm going to run your common as a list.
Nothing is there how to get you were command as a list of 40 work.
Let's say somebody I have taken commercially cost in this way.
When I'm very financially cause you to write,
just take it on.
Do split operation.
That's it.
Then what is the reason you're getting you're getting as a list.
That's what you can do.
I mean,
whenever he potentially cause to false what you're always just take your normal common off
your operating system as a strength,
they're not play split operation.
That's it as much as simple.
Right?
Fine.
Know what I'm doing is C command equals two.
First fight your normal come and whatever you have,
I'm just a place please.
Right.
But I know if I spit this result how you're going to get your commanders were directly.
I'm writing as a list unless hyphen l rt night.
No,
nothing is there.
Everything is saying everything is said.
Let me copy and paste.
Er the only thing is Shelly cause to fall so hard to mention Now you're fighting is not
going to open one more shell directly with your python.
You are going to run your command.
So they're here.
There is some smaller Monday's.
Instead of opening new shell on yourself,
running your commands unusual and getting back your result from day to your python,
right,
you're not using now in new shell concept,
you're going to run your command.
Using your pipe on itself that is a meaningful writing shall equals two falls.
Thank you,
but let me run this Cordant.
Show you the output first.
Yes,
you're getting same or put right?
There is no change exactly.
Or getting around Port.
Thank fine.
Then when you are today,
actually,
cause approved on when you heard it actually goes to false see inches off this command.
I'm going to take one more common call.
Command equals two.
Actually,
I want to run a command call.
See?
There my command is this one.
A court dollar home is my calmer right.
But I want to split that.
Yes,
I'm doing split,
but I know how the output would be if I spread that common.
That's what exactly I'm reading as a list.
So initially,
if you don't get I mean,
if you have any confusion,
just take your cameras.
A string on our play.
A split operation on expert.
They were output as a list.
Not yet.
No,
if I run this command,
But what is output you're going to get first of all,
first of all,
on my UNIX like systems.
I know.
What is the output off your Echo Dollar homecoming?
I'm getting some home used to use up right,
but I don't know what I'm running.
I'm running my command.
Same comment.
But in terms off as a list,
I mean,
Shelley,
cause to falls.
No,
If I run you out,
I mean,
you are command using your pytorch.
See the result.
What you're getting,
You're not getting home,
you see to use or you're getting simply dollar home itself.
What is the problem?
Actually,
you are expecting or put something like this.
This one,
this is output.
Actually,
we need to get using this common.
But if I run,
you're not getting that right.
Just a bait.
You will get clarity.
Same Come.
And now I'm going to run.
Using you are silicone.
True process.
And if anybody for actually caused through what you need to do,
you had to write your command as a string only Let me take my new commoners so already.
How year?
Let me copy investor.
So whenever if you're writing Shelley course through your command is as it is.
Whatever the command,
you're going to run only what?
Operating some same command yard to right When nobody if you take sell,
it cost Prue.
No.
See the result?
If I take Shelly Coastal through what is all pretty are getting.
You know,
you're expecting your result as of these,
So nothing is there,
guys,
in case if your commander depends on environment variables off your operating system,
then only ordered actually caused true otherwise no need to take Shelly Coastal drew on
your index like systems.
Let's say you and we comer some very how you are home variable.
That is anyone with Very But let me show you.
That hurt me.
Such a Yeah.
See,
this is the environment available for my operating system.
So whenever if you want to get environment variable values are there.
No.
But if you're going to work on anyone meant variables using your python any 100 variables
off your operating system using your fight on,
then you 100 actually coasted through injury.
Next,
like systems otherwise known intraday actually cost true.
You can take Singlish l'equippe stow falls.
So if we take Shelly Coastal falls,
there is advantage that at one disease you're going to sell sometimes because whenever if
you take Shelly Coaster Prue,
your python is going to open in new terminal on their your partner is going to run your
core on getting back the result from that shell,
it is taking some extra time compared to Shelly,
cause to falls.
If you take Shelly closed toe falls,
your pattern is not opening a new terminal.
Simply designing with your pipe on itself.
That's where you will sail sometime.
That is our bondage.
But but nobody if you need where nobody.
If you have a work with you,
are anyone minto variables off your operating system?
Then there is no other option.
Your Arabic Shelley cost Prue only right.
So guys know you know the difference between Shelley cause of true and false.
Right?
So if I take silicosis through your command should be a string.
If I take Shelly close to false,
your command should be a list.
So let me right in.
Everyone's were.
Now,
if Shelly Coastal Brew,
right?
If Calico's Drew,
then you are common.
He's it's string are simply as you were,
ways comment.
So simply copy and paste your ways Command in terms off.
I mean,
inside of quotations.
If she Alecos to falls,
then you were command.
He's a list like so.
No,
no,
Shelly.
Close to falls.
Don't work on your ways environment.
Great idea,
But this right?
That means if you have a walk with your environment variables off your operating system,
you have to actually cause to prove only that's it Example I'm making Suppose if your
command is Lennox common already knows common If it is a less siphon LRT this if your
command is suppose l a siphon LRT I'm writing as a string by simply mention inside of
quotations.
So here we are today,
actually,
cause approved someone's If you want to take Shelly close to falls,
sell it goes to falls then see how I'm going to create my command.
Nothing is that you're previous come and whatever you how Just write it Whatever the window
saw the next come and you have just tried it then do simply split Operation Internal.
It'll convert that as a list.
You know it right?
Like if you won't write C once If you get a practice directly connected,
how your command would be as a list.
Simply take your common Shelley cause true comer and then use a split operation that you're
going to get as a list.
If it is the least yard actually goes to false and also process.
That's a as much as him,
but right.
Fine.
Know what I'm doing is yeah.
You are on UNIX like systems,
right?
That's fine on your UNIX like systems.
But in windows,
Cameron's guys in millions command solar Always Your heart today shall equals approve only
if you take Jellicles to false your windows wound.
Exclude your command first.
Awful.
Right.
So just one more note.
Based on my practice,
my real time experience.
I'm saying that if you have any challenge with your windows operating system,
just research some work on Shelly closed toe.
Why Shellie cell is ah not equals two falls in your windows.
But based on my experience eyes I saw so many situations before it.
A shallow coastal falls.
It is not going to work.
So shall equals.
Always true.
Yes,
take.
I mean,
it is not mandatory,
but if it actually goes to falls,
your most of the Windows command won't work.
That's why based on my practice,
I'm saying that shall equals toe Always true on windows.
That's it then.
No doubt on that windows simply Your command is always a string,
right?
Let me show you that.
Let me show you that import lately.
I'm showing on your command line.
No,
you condone any comment on your windows?
Also,
CSP close to their laminating sub process.
Not the weapon process weapon.
Then come.
And let's say I'm taking as a list the air commerce.
So as a testament,
you know,
Shelly,
coastal falls,
But the financial cost of false who knows who is not accepting that?
Let me write STD.
All because to so process not pipe unnecessarily every coastal,
so process,
not bike.
See there.
But if it actually goes toe to now,
it will let it will exclude properly.
Let me right now.
String.
I'm in common as a string Nazi there.
That is not better.
I'm just wait for it in court.
Artie Catesby,
not rate and see the results rt value such as now you can find out.
All put on Eric goes to simply sp Lord communicate.
Now let me print your out right.
You're getting some more pork and see the type off your oak output.
It is a bite,
but I need to get as a string that I wanted her to do.
You have right always universal new lines Seacoast approved.
So these option just to get your data in dumps off a string.
Now let me convert You are output SP value.
I mean separated or put another.
Let me print.
You are out using split lines.
You know what is already are expecting as a list?
Yes,
it's working.
No Perfectly.
Okay.
So,
guys,
based on my experience,
I am saying that Shelley Costa drew always the only Windows opening system and common is
always the string.
Maybe I'm not sure for which command You're going to get output if even if you actually
cause to falls.
But most of the cases I usually Costa true for all my commands then only I got my That's
why I'm giving Chile Costa true.
Okay,
okay.
So you can find this document are as a resource for this video.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this.
Realize